So now I'm going to show you how to create a Houghtaling module separate from our Android project,
which is within an Android project, as you see here in my Test app.
But we can create that module so we can actually run Kotlin separately.
OK.
So it's very simple.
Click on the app or highlight the app.
Right click and say New.
We want to create a new module.
Click there and make sure that the Java or Kotlin library is selected, because essentially that's what
we're doing.
So when you select that Java or Kotlin library and then here I'm going to give it a name when to test
or whatever name you want.
Class name can live as it is for now.
So it should be Kotlin language and we get.
So let's go ahead and say finish.
Now, this may take a few moments, so take your time and wait for a bit.
Well, they didn't take that long.
You can see now we have this test folder here now.
You know, see, you want to see these my tester playground on yours because this is just something
I added earlier but ignored those.
But what we are interested in is that we have this test modules, so you will see that we have these
Java folder, which when we open, we're going to have another folder where we hold this package.
And the reason why this is this is Java is because Kotlin and Java are interoperable, meaning they
can work together.
And also codling actually runs on top of Java.
OK, but that's a lot of technicalities.
But anyway, we have them inside here.
This example that text or test, I should say in my class, this is what we created.
It's a very double click.
There is the class so we can actually get rid of this class thing.
And by the way, just go ahead and write fun and you can see it should show us some sort of a help here.
It's OK.
You mean function?
Yes, you just hit enter incompletes for herself.
Now we then are going to write main, because that is the name of the function that is first called
when we run any Coughlin project or file.
And you can see the moment we add the main you can see now we have this green arrow to say that we can
play it or you can run it.
OK.
There we go.
Let's finalize.
And then there we go.
OK, so now we can just say something like this is just a test.
And once they print and say Hello, world famous hello world.
All right.
There you have it.
Now let's see.
How do we run this?
Well to run this?
You can see here.
You can click on the run button and then say, Run my class there or debug, I'm going to use the run
my class if you run.
You can see at the bottom here, Gradle will run in the back end just to provision everything and make
sure everything is great.
And voila!
You can see it says here.
Hello, world is showing at the bottom here.
There you go.
That means our first call-in module is running.
So this is how we would create a court in module inside of an Android project so that we can run separately
from our app or, in this case, our project.
Very good.
So there you have it, and I'll see you next.